>> Dragonfly enLightening Talks.
>> No one in my
family had diabetes,
so I didn't think I had
to pay attention to it.
But what I didn't
know was hurting me.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> Your doctor will tell you
anything under 100 is fine.
But it's not fine.
Research shows that if our blood
sugar is below 70 or above 85,
fasting, there's already
signs of a problem brewing.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> When communion
first came out,
we began to get letters from
people who had had experiences.
>> Similar to yours.
>> Let's put it this way.
It's a very broad
range, but experiences
with the beings, with the
great, big, black eyes.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> With Neptune and Saturn
in Pisces for part of 2025,
stuff is going to
happen, Regina,
that's going to blow our
minds in terms of awareness
and awakening and
seeing the real truth.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
>> I see them often.
They do all belong to the
United Galactic Federation.
They are very much the governing
authority for approximately
3,000 planets.
[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Only on Gaia.